wow that's a that's a that's a tough one as a slow you take risks everyday
and I've had to make risky decisions like I said just about two
or three times a day there was some issue that involved to be taking
a risk either on a sailor or on the program or just operate the ship
the big thing here is to not kill anyone and not break anything and
also understand that you have you know resources available that you're
not alone and I think that was like the the big three but you
take risks everyday and one in particular would be personnel issues
there was at one time there was a a do you say that it was going through
some problems with a a junior officer and do you also was actually
making advances toward the junior sailor and I was approached by
the Jews sailor and told the situation and I thought it was my best
judgment was to hell it at the lowest level which was with me and informing
my immediate supervisor which was a second tour debate division
officer so proceeded to counsel the junior officer who is a little
bit ahead of me at a time and for my second tour Divo and for while
the issue was solved on to the Vance is kept happening and there
I ended up bringing it up to a department head and after part we have
gotten got window at doc told that part we hear about it of the CIOS
informed on but because of my prior knowledge of the situation I
received a letter reprimand simply because I had known about the situation
for sometime so that was you could say I was a bad you know
judgment on my end but I was want to risk because I I took you know
is you don't want to be a good leader want to you know be able to handle
the situation at the lowest level so